hi this is sarah with sprint drinker and
today i'm going to demonstrate how to
use our patented sprinkler anchor and
show you all the benefits of using it
let's start by taking a closer look at
the anchor itself you'll notice here
that the spring breaker was designed to
accommodate the many sprinklers bikes on
the market here are the most three
common spikes you'll find at hardware
stores today you have the wing spike the
straight spike and the foot its like
you'll notice that each spice fits
perfectly into the spring connector so
why use the sprinkler anchor what are
the benefits well if you are using our
have you sprinkler spikes to water your
lawn in the test then you know of the
many disadvantages they have to offer on
their own sprinkler spikes will tilt and
fall over because of the way the typical
sprinkler spike is designed it simply
does not have this ability to stay in
the upright position for long it will
tilt or fall over and end up watering
your car your driveway or your home
rather than your lawn which defeats the
purpose of turning it on in the first
place and weighs hundreds if not
thousands of gallons of water in this
process sprinkler spikes can be
extremely difficult to drive into the
ground especially if you live in a dryer
area many times you will end up
forcefully driving the sprinkler site
into the ground and this can become
slice in half which brings me to my next
all that thorson pressure frequently
causes damage to the sprinkler heads and
bent and broken sprint disguises the
sprinkler was designed with many flaws
of the sprinkler spike in mind the
structure of the sprinkler anchor was
designed to anchor itself into the
ground so that it will never tilt and
never fall over placement of the
sprinkler anchor is easy first determine
the locations on your lawn where you
want each sprinkler anchor to go if you
live in a dryer area we suggest watering
your lawn for three to five minutes
prior to placement once the ground is
soft you're ready to drive spring
breaker into the ground we suggest using
a rubber mallet
barely takes any force it all now you're
ready to drop your sprinkler plugs into
the anchor
now it's time to water our lawns give
away
we are finished watering and simply snap
on the debris
now your sprinklers are in the lump
ready to go for your next watering
anchors are extremely durable there is
no need to winterize them or avoid them
while mowing
I